Create ui-c8y-1023-14-193-redirect-to-correct-application-after-successful-tfa-verification-graft-release-y.md (#4930)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-193-redirect-to-correct-application-after-successful-tfa-verification-graft-release-y.md

---
date: ""

> title: Redirect to correct application after successful TFA verification [GRAFT][release/y2026] (#12600)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Redirect to accessible applications after successful two-factor authentication
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-67315
version: 1023.14.193
---

> Fixes an issue where users logging in with two-factor authentication (TOTP) would get stuck on TOTP screen if they didn't have access to the application they were trying to reach. E.g. if user tried to open url /apps/administration but logged in as user that does not have access to this app, after successful TOTP authentication, he was stuck on that screen. Now, users will see see an "Access not available" message and list of application they do have permission for and can choose which one to open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users logged in with two-factor authentication (TOTP), they could get stuck on the TOTP verification screen if they did not have access to the application they were trying to reach. For example, if a user tried to open the Administration application but did not have permission to access it, they would remain on the TOTP screen even after successful authentication. Now, after successful two-factor authentication verification, users who do not have access to the requested application see an "Access not available" message and a list of applications they have permission to access, allowing them to select which application to open instead of being stuck on the authentication screen.
```
